generate an html report about Fighters Of The Void for balancing purposes.  with everything placed into logical sections I need a breakdown of the player (health values, bullets, attacks and damage, movement speeds, controls and movement details), the enemies (class or classification, health values, variants, bullets, attack cycles, how many bullets they fire, how often they fire, attacks and damage, attack patterns, size, graphics, speed, behaviours).  A breakdown of all the bullets (including any variations of the bullets) and their damage values, colours, size, speed, special abilities, graphical details and what enemies fire them.  Detailed breakdowns of the bosses and their health values, speed and movements, attack patterns and phases, what bullets they fire, special abilities and how they use them.  A breakdown of all of the powerups in the game, what they do, their levels, their special abilities, when they are unlocked, and drop distributions for all the powerups based on killing enemies and their passive drop distributions.  A breakdown of all of the levels, their phases, the enemy distributions, the spawn rates in the different phases of enemies.  A breakdown of how the difficulty levels work (easy, medium and hard) and what the differences are between them, and the details of the relevant values that are different between them.  Also include information and details about enemy fire rates and whether they are different between the phases and difficulty levels and how.  Provide a finishing section with analysis and recommendations about how the game could be better balanced.  At the moment easy is doable though challenging, medium is very difficult and hard is pretty much impossible to finish a level based on number of bullets and damage the player takes.  Also describe how to fix the final boss (The Gatekeeper) because after phase 3 there are so many bullets it is literally not possible to win or survive until the end of the boss.

Don't include any unnecessary graphics or distractions.